### References
1. Engelberth J, Alborn HT, Schmelz EA, Tumlinson JH. 2004. Airborne signals prime plants against insect herbivore attack. <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</i>, 101, 1781–1785.
2. Ameye M, Audenaert K, De Zutter N, Steppe K, Van Meulebroek L, Vanhaecke L, De Vleesschauwer D, Haesaert G, Smagghe G. 2015. Priming of wheat with the green leaf volatile <i>Z</i>-3-hexenyl acetate enhances defense against <i>Fusarium graminearum</i> but boosts deoxynivalenol production. <i>Plant Physiology</i>, 167, 1671-1684.
3. Visser JH, Van Straten S, Maarse H. 1979. Isolation and identification of volatiles in the foliage of potato, <i>Solanum tuberosum</i>, a host plant of the Colorado beetle, <i>Leptinotarsa decemlineata</i>. <i>Journal of Chemical Ecology</i>, 5, 13-25.
4. Turlings TC, Tumlinson JH, Heath RR, Proveaux AT, Doolittle RE. 1991. Isolation and identification of allelochemicals that attract the larval parasitoid, <i>Cotesia marginiventris</i> (Cresson), to the microhabitat of one of its hosts. <i>Journal of Chemical Ecology</i>, 17, 2235–2251.
5. Jones AC, Seidl-Adams I, Engelberth J, Hunter CT, Alborn H, Tumlinson JH. 2019. Herbivorous caterpillars can utilize three mechanisms to alter green leaf volatile emission. <i>Environmental Entomology</i>, 48, 419–425.
6. Allmann S, Baldwin IT. 2010. Insects betray themselves in nature to predators by rapid isomerization of green leaf volatiles. <i>Science</i>, 329(5995), 1075-1078.
7. Takai H, Ozawa R, Takabayashi J, Fujii S, Arai K, Ichiki RT, Koeduka T, Dohra H, Ohnishi T, Taketazu S, Kobayashi J. 2018. Silkworms suppress the release of green leaf volatiles by mulberry leaves with an enzyme from their spinnerets. <i>Scientific Reports</i>, 8, 11942.
8. Mutanen M, Wahlberg N, Kaila L. 2010. Comprehensive gene and taxon coverage elucidates radiation patterns in moths and butterflies. <i>Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences</i>, 277, 2839-48.
9. Heikkilä M, Mutanen M, Wahlberg N, Sihvonen P, Kaila L. 2015. Elusive ditrysian phylogeny: an account of combining systematized morphology with molecular data (Lepidoptera). <i>BMC Evolutionary Biology</i>, 15, 260.
